vmctl verify-blocks command (#2390)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: app/vmctl/README.md

- [x] OpenTSDB: migrate data from OpenTSDB to VictoriaMetrics
- [ ] Storage Management: data re-balancing between nodes

> vmctl provides various useful actions with VictoriaMetrics components. 

Reviewer: Would be better to move this info (that vmctl provides migration and other options) to the top of the readme file

Author: Changed top of the readme file

   influx      Migrate timeseries from InfluxDB
   prometheus  Migrate timeseries from Prometheus
   vm-native   Migrate time series between VictoriaMetrics installations via native binary format

>    verify-blocks  Verifies exported blocks with VictoriaMetrics Native format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   verify-blocks  Verifies correctness of data blocks exported via VictoriaMetrics Native format. See https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-export-data-in-native-format
```

4. When importing in or from cluster version remember to use correct [URL format](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.html#url-format)
and specify `accountID` param.

## Verifying exported blocks from VictoriaMetrics

>  VictoriaMetrics allows exporting data block in native format [link](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Single-server-VictoriaMetrics.html#how-to-export-data-in-native-format). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, `vmctl` allows verifying correctness and integrity of data exported via [native format](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Single-server-VictoriaMetrics.html#how-to-export-data-in-native-format) from VictoriaMetrics. 
```

> You can verify exported data at disk before uploading it by `vmctl` `-verify-blocks` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify exported data at disk before uploading it by `vmctl verify-blocks` command:
```

```bash
# export blocks from VictoriaMetrics
curl localhost:8428/api/v1/export/native -g -d 'match[]={__name__!=""}' -o data_block
# verify block content

> ./vmctl verify-blocks --blockPath data_block

Reviewer: can we use args (for example, c.Args().First()) as path instead of specifying a flag?
See:
```
Action: func(c *cli.Context) error {
					common.StartUnmarshalWorkers()
					blockPaths := c.Args().First()
```

Author: Done
